upppercase explain (#5)
lettdigital/lett-log: README.md

## How to use

> > The `appName` or `APP_NAME` should be a UPPERCASE string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `appName` or `APP_NAME` should be a CONSTANT_CASE string.
```

Reviewer: Acho que seria bom avisar aqui também que tem que ser separado por underscore
